// It's a quote, take it with a grain of salt; just an alternative perspective on what good leadership is
I as pm stand for the motion that the house would idolize leaders as heroes.
Stakeholders	 actual heroes , leadership aspirants and by extent the public as well

Leaders can have vast definitions
This is one attribute of a leader, it can have a vast majority of them 
One is that when people barely knows he exists, his work is done and his aim fulfilled
leader is an individual who guides, influences, and inspires others towards a common goal or vision.
It's important to note that leadership is not limited to a specific title or position. Anyone can exhibit leadership qualities and positively influence others, regardless of their formal role. Leadership is a skill that can be developed and honed through learning, experience, and self-awareness.
Leadrers can be political,
 freedom fight struugle, 
team lead 
, sports mein bhi leaders
 movemnets 
business
scientist and edu 
art
military
medical
society ke liye kaam kar rhe hai so we need to give them something back without them asking for it necessarily
heroes
The term "heroes" typically refers to individuals who are admired and respected for their outstanding and noble qualities, actions, and achievements. Heroes are often considered role models and sources of inspiration
To idolize means to admire, revere, or hold someone or something in extremely high regard
dolization often involves a deep emotional attachment or devotion

so yes , we as proposition woulf like to support the claim as to why we would idolize leaders as heroes

it would benefit all stakeholders 
those who are idolizing the heroes will always have a choice in which ones to idolize, how to idolize and to what extent to idolize. We as a govt would not push anyone to follow a specific pattern and the public can chose it acc to to their own politicial, social and moral interests.
Inspiration and Motivation: Idolizing leaders can serve as a source of inspiration and motivation for people. Leaders who exemplify strong leadership qualities, achievements, and virtues can encourage others to strive for greatness and work towards their goals
Role Models: Leaders who embody positive qualities and values can become role models for society. By idolizing such leaders, people may adopt similar behaviors, ethics, and attitudes, leading to personal and societal development.
How//
Regular rewards, public eyes and would be further elaborated by dpm

//reply
Role Models: Leaders who embody positive qualities and values can become role models for society. By idolizing such leaders, people may adopt similar behaviors, ethics, and attitudes, leading to personal and societal development.
Anyone can exhibit leadership qualities and positively influence others, regardless of their formal role. Leadership is a skill that can be developed and honed through learning, experience, and self-awareness
those who are idolizing the heroes will always have a choice in which ones to idolize, how to idolize and to what extent to idolize. We as a govt would not push anyone to follow a specific pattern and the public can chose it acc to to their own politicial, social and moral interests.
Mechanism and laws will always be there. They are also citizens of the country.
Nominations, invites , screening, final approval 
Acts of valor and meritiorious services, bravery , recommendation and documentation
Privileges will be like on republic days, padma shri which include remunerations , awards titles and social statuses
And people also have brain they know people are human, moreover they can always connect to that attribute, take the positives and and sort of acknowledge the negatives while sidelining them. Backlashes are temporary and not something in long run. 
Aspects of ;eaders in various fields ; arts, freedom fights
Mechanism of selection of leaders would be
He would become more responsible and accountable if 
It would inspire others to go better, we are competitive creatures, if there are no leader no reward in oppositions paradigm, then what will people strive for, leader was once a commoner as well, he was inspired, as it is said art is inspired by those who came before them. T
Its part of our upbringing of stories of heroes, so it is really integral part of unity an dbelonging.its part of life, esp freedom struggle
Maya Angelou quote
Motion benefits all the stakeholders so firmly claim it.  its charitable, covers very wide range of aspects and perspectives 

// 
Why would it stand only in your paradigm, comparative is a must
Weighing 
Difference and discrepancy in definition
Why is it only leader to inspire ithers in movie, what quality do leaders specifically have
Why do you want people telling leadership skills 
Link mechanisms well okay
1.	i...yes actually you have stated leaders and heroes as two seperate individuals who are not dependent on each other for their existence

like all team leaders couldn't be hero and an individual who shows courage may be the hero but not any specific leader...so certain discrepancy was there

definitions mein kachra kiya maine iss mein and it was not communicated and credited by other teammates – define and rebuttal mein blind faith waala. 
so 
define motion
parameters
yeah...actually its better if pm could state the whole policy and its mechanism and its impact ...even if some arguments u cant introduce as pm its fine dpm is there...but its impactful if pm does mechanisation of policy and its impact...otherwise your policy was fine just need more mechanism
bas mechanism mein mare hai ham. Flesh out karna hai most points ko.
Why and how something will happen, on how screening take place how checks and balances is in place of opp, 




