



Stand before you as the pm to stand before you support the motion that the “”
Right wing leaders : major
Socially backward people or jo bhi wo mentioned hai : major
The public : minor

West: south korea, Japan
Europe: hitler fascism hua 
Sunak: white Christian 
Us: biden galti ki vajeh se right wing leaders, liberals have become quasi liberals so that that 
Personal benefits ke liye minorities ko neglect
Oversea immigrants : hate cuz kaam karne 
1.	Challenges and Contradictions: Address the challenges and contradictions that may arise when right-wing politicians from minority backgrounds advocate for policies that may not align with the interests of their communities. Analyze whether their presence brings about substantive change or merely tokenism
2.	Identity Politics: Examine the role of identity politics in the rise of these politicians. Explore how their identities as members of a minority group intersect with their political ideologies and how this intersection shapes their policies and public perception.
3.	Electoral Strategy: Investigate the electoral strategy behind the rise of right-wing politicians from minority backgrounds. Assess whether their candidacies are attempts to attract minority voters or to appeal to a broader base by showcasing diversity.
4.	Public Perception: Analyze how the media and the public perceive and respond to right-wing politicians from minority backgrounds. Explore whether their identities are celebrated or exploited by various stakeholders.
//reply
Centralized govt : with majority leaders
Leaders should of majority party :- REPRESENTATION honi chaiye not leadership :- which stakeholders are are getting helped , no one is it beneficial for
Go against minorities;-
Representatives


TOKENISM AND NO SUBSTANTIVE;- look like me but that doesn’t make them better decision makers, doesn’t ensure that it would be better as a whole
Sellouts     Rishi sunak     Uma Bharti
// review;-
Why is that tokensim and how was it
Policies don’t help and there is no adequate resprentation;- explaination
Selective arguments 
Why will it contradict and how but we have to explain every single thing
Part 2; counterfactual:
Thr
In govt we don’t like right wing
We had to give alternative world and how is it better and say opp world is bad bad
Majority leader why is good not independently, like look its better than the other world. Just compare and show. 

Part 3”-
Make it very simple
1.	Manipulation
2.	Not very good policies
3.	Not current world is better try to make it better
4.	Still hangedly fight against majoritarian party, we think better alterantive will have access to respurces, policy decision
5.	Parties who represent have support of majority, we need to convince majority to convince minority, where can u say its better, and that is in govt 
6.	In opp world even if you come to power , no influence, not come to power again








